hello my name is Joanne gray and I'm the
associate dean teaching and learning
here in the Faculty of Health I want to
talk to you a little bit about our
commitment to simulation in learning
here in the faculty and also about the
experiences you're going to have as a
student here with us during your studies
in The Bachelor of Nursing in the
faculty we're being committed to
engaging in simulation in education
since around 2006 and during this period
of time we have developed an invested in
state-of-the-art learning facilities
here at both the krinkle campus and also
on our city campus first year you'll be
involved in simulations in both your
first and your second semester and these
will vary across those semesters these
experiences will engage every single
student in their studies at the same
time so it's a wonderful opportunity for
you to work not only with your tutors
but also with your fellow students in
second year you will again be engaged in
simulation in learning and that we
around mental health studies also with
pediatric nursing and in your and in
your medical surgical area as well
particularly around learning for example
resuscitation of a patient so there are
many examples of simulation that we'll
be introducing you to during your three
years of your studies in the third year
of your Bachelor of Nursing program
you'll be engaged in the simulation
around hearing voices in your mental
health subject and in your perioperative
subject for example you'll be engaged in
preparing patients for theatre and
understanding the deteriorating patient
so for example when you go out in
practice you'll have already started to
feel comfortable about how to
communicate with the patients you'll
feel comfortable in wearing your uniform
when you go into practice you'll have an
understanding of the importance of how
you approach a patient and how you
establish that relationship with them
your simulation activities will also
enable you to understand the importance
of teamwork and effective communication
by working here in the clinical
laboratories and practicing these skills
before you go out into into your
clinical practice area you'll understand
the importance of communication within a
team and the importance of communication
also with your patients and the other
members of the healthcare team